[docs] #197: Optimize the number of steps on the build and install page (#198)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/build-and-install.md

    cd ~/Git
    ```

> 3.  Then `clone` the Iroha git repository into the folder `~/Git/iroha` with choose the right branch. You can use the `iroha2-lts` branch, which is the long-term support release, or the branch with the latest stable release (`iroha2-stable`). Clone with checkout the branch with the stable release, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Then `clone` the Iroha git repository into the folder `~/Git/iroha` and `checkout` the branch you choose to work on. You can use the `iroha2-lts` branch, which is the long-term support release, or the branch with the latest stable release (`iroha2-stable`). To clone the repository and checkout the stable release, run:
```

Author: Applied

> 3.  Then `clone` the Iroha git repository into the folder `~/Git/iroha` and `checkout` the branch you choose to work on. You can use the `iroha2-lts` branch, which is the long-term support release, or the branch with the latest stable release (`iroha2-stable`). To clone the repository and checkout the stable release, run:

Author: Applied
